Add release notes for NRDOT 1.20.0 (#24800)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/release-notes/nrdot-release-notes/nrdot-2026-07-14.mdx

---
subject: NRDOT
releaseDate: '2026-07-14'
version: 1.20.0
metaDescription: Release notes for NRDOT Collector version 1.20.0
category: Collector
---

## Changelog
### Features

> * feat: bump nroracledbreceiver and nrsqlserverreceiver to v0.154.6 (#617)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the `nroracledbreceiver` and `nrsqlserverreceiver` to v0.154.6.
```

### Docs

> * docs: fix mssql link (#615)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* docs: Updated the Microsoft SQL Server link.
```
